ARIES
It’s not a day when you should expect to find too many difficulties with others. Slightly over sentimental, you will be glossing over unpleasant realities of the past, and seeing only the best in those closely related to you. You’ll be looking around to work out how to improve your home set up. Elbow room and tolerance are the two items high on your wish list. What you really want is the chance to have more family and friends visiting. 

TAURUS
Watch how you go, because you could find that you overdo spending, or go off in 75 directions at once and do things that are not entirely sensible.  Jupiter around strongly develops potential. It makes your life into something bet¬ter than before.  The only thing to watch is it develops every¬thing in life, negative as well as positive. You’ll certainly have the chance to travel around on short distance hops. Try not to over commit yourself and pack in too much. 

GEMINI
If you avoid foolish optimism, thinking that everything is go¬ing to be wonderful, without double-checking or giv¬ing just a little bit of a push to life, then you should surge ahead now. Just try not to go on a wing and a prayer. Money will be fairly easy come, easy go. You will be spending as extravagantly as you acquire it. Learning to be more disciplined and saving a little would be a great idea. Think of animals saving up nuts for winter. Not such a bad idea.

CANCER
If you can keep one scheme within bounds, put a few limits on your plans and your hopes then you could do well. But if you fly like Icarus in mythology too high towards the Sun you might find you have further to fall. You’ll certainly be feeling upbeat, more courageous than usual. But watch a tendency to being self righteous or over confident. You may be so consumed with being right, you go on crusades, browbeating everyone into following behind you. 

LEO
You may not be good at seeing other people's shortcomings. Tending to err on the side of forgiveness, you’ll take on problems and be leant on too much. So you do have to protect yourself, maybe by disappearing into times of peace and quiet. You may be feeling lazy, rather wound down.  So you’ll have to push yourself to get into a hard working mood when the need arises. A little effort will turn your luck into something more long lasting and tangible.

VIRGO
Jupiter, planet of good fortune, is in your house which rules friendships, group efforts, and future plans, so you will be welcome in any team or group efforts. One point to be slightly wary of is a tendency to attract fair weather or over-optimistic friends whose advice is not always sound. The expansive influences around now will boost you up rather happily.  Though there’s a slight risk you’ll think you are Superman or Super¬woman. 

LIBRA
Jupiter around today always looks for the silver linings.  It usually creates a few as well since it is a fortunate influence. In fact it’s not so much luck, just that your instincts, your intuition work well, so you end up in the right place at the right moment, saying the right thing. Anything you turn your hand to should turn well though the more effort you put in the higher your rewards will be. But do beware a tendency towards carelessness, which could set in. 

SCORPIO
The Sun is now at odds with Jupiter, but nothing will be awkward, as long as you avoid getting over hopeful. Jupiter is very expansive, rather lazy and given to over-confidence. Pitch your hopes too high, and you have further to fall. But if you can discipline yourself, there is luck around. Soften your approach and you will get away with almost everything. You can be shockingly frank but your charming manner lets you away with it. 

SAGITTARIUS
You’ll need to keep your feet on the floor and find a little self discipline. Otherwise you will promise more than you can deliver. Or you’ll rush in where angels fear to tread and over-extend yourself, taking on far too many commitments. Happily positive benefits will come your way more easily than usual. Not only will you understand yourself better but you will also reach out to make better connections with those close so be emotionally secure.

CAPRICORN
It’s important to be sensible with those close. You can win them over to your side if you sweep them up in your enthusiasm.  But if you sound self-righteous, which is slight risk then they will back away. Be straightforward and cheerful, and everyone will adore you. Just be a little wary of taking all the advice offered by certain close companions. They will be remarkably optimistic but may not be entirely realistic. So stand back and do your own checking.

AQUARIUS
If you're normally a under-confident, lacking in self-esteem, the Jupiter boost will do wonders for you now. But if you’re normally over the top, this will send you sailing off into the stratosphere. Try to avoid the temptation to think you're right about everything.  Luckily you will be communicating well about practical matters. Your knack of extracting sense from complex situations will bring you favourable comments from influential people.

PISCES 
You’ll be feeling cheerful, charming, extra¬va¬gant, indulgent and very opti¬mis¬tic. Life should get this good. Jupiter around strongly always looks ahead and sees rosy glows on the horizon.  But this can be a little bit of a problem if you're go¬ing to be too much of a Pollyanna and assume that everything is go¬ing to work won¬derfully well just by luck, without you putting any energy or effort in.  Just try to be more cautious than you’ll feel.




